What is your biggest accomplishment to this day?
Would you rather be dumb and happy, or smart and miserable?
If you could learn any language immediately right now, what would it be?
In a world full of superheroes, what would your power be?
Are you a day person or a night person?
Do you consider yourself to be an optimist or a pessimist?
What are your passion projects?
What is your favorite character from any piece of media?
Who is your favorite person of this Discord server?
What are you better at than the vast majority of people?
What is something that used to be much better that has gotten significantly worse in recent years?
Tell us the weirdest fun fact you know!
What are/were your favorite and your least favorite subjects in school?
What is an unhealthy habit you have?
If you won the lottery, what is the first thing you'd spend money on?
What is your favorite animal?
Tell us something about your pet(s)!
Tell us your best joke!
What is your favorite form of media (movies, games, music, books, etc.)?
How many languages do you speak? Are you currently learning any language?
What do you spend most of your free time doing?
What is your favorite type of drink?
What is your favorite food?
Are you an introvert, an extrovert or an ambivert? Would you change this if you could?
What kind of music do you listen to?
What makes you nostalgic?
You meet a genie that tells you he can answer you one question about anything. What do you ask him?
What are your favorite and your least favorite words of the English language?
What is in your bucket list?
What is your favorite song?
If you could have any one fictional item be real, what would it be?
If you were forced to move out of your hometown, which country would you move to?
What animal best describes you?
Tell us about a person you look up to!
What is your favorite holiday?
What was your worst financial decision?
Do you think there is a life after death? If not, what would you like there to be?
What is a healthy habit that you believe more people should do?
What food that is commonly loved do you despise?
If you could instantly master any skill, what would you pick?
Is there any skill that you'd say you have mastered? If yes, what is it?
What is your happiest memory?
What is the most unique thing about you?
In intense situations, do you think logically or emotionally?
If you could be transported into any year irreversably, be it in the past, the future or stay in the present - what would you do?
What is the best thing?
What is an interesting fun fact you learned this week?e any instruments you're considering learning?
Do you do any sports? If yes, what is it?
What is the story behind your username?
For aesthetic reasons or comfortability, what are t
Rank the four seasons! Number 1 being your favorite and number 4 being your least favorite. 
Has your week or previous week been above or below average thus far?
What is your favorite memory you have from this Discord server?
What do you do when you're bored?
Tell us about your odd or unusual interests!
What is something that you think should be more widely accepted or normalized?
Do you care about what happens after your passing?
How has the Coronavirus pandemic and/or the virus itself affected you?
What was a nightmare you had that still haunts you to this day?
If you had a choice between: "Be invicible (you can't die no matter what)" or "die right now", what would you choose?
You are able to alter a single fact, your objective is to cause as much chaos as possible, what would you choose to change?
What do you miss the most from your childhood?
What is your view on death?
What do you think is the most likely scenario the world will end?
If you could change your personality, what would you change? Would you even change it?
Do you believe that extraterrestrial life exists?
Would you rather get a guaranteed 1 million dollars, or have a 50% chance to get 100 million dollars?
You just found out all of your current worries in life are all somehow magically solved. What is the first thing you do?
If you could make one thing possible that is currently physically impossible, what would you do?
Do you have a tattoo? If yes, of what? If not, would you ever get one, and if so, of what?
What is something you still can't wrap your head around despite it being explained to you multiple times?
Who are your favorite and least favorite celebrities?
If you had the ability to revive any three people who are not alive anymore, who would you pick?
What is your favorite time of the day?
If it was possible to delete any human emotion, what emotions would you delete permanently?
What do you look for the most in a potential lover and/or best friend?
You are able to sell years of your lifetime for $15,000 each. How many years would you sell, if any?
What was your favorite song when you were a child?
Which of the 5 love languages is more prevalent in you?
If you were forced to live in any period in history, when would you live and why?
Would you rather learn the date of your death, or the cause of your death? You would not be able to change this fate.
If you found a biography of your entire life, what would it be called?
What frivolous thing do you have a strong opinion about? For example, the correct way to hang the toilet paper is "over".
What is the most unique or rarest item you own?
Do you prefer living in big cities or smaller towns?
What is/was your opinion on school?
What is a question you would never want the answer to?
Do you think that some crimes are impossible to repent for?
What was your weirdest or most unexplainable experience?
If you could make a truly utopic society at the cost of individuality, would you do it? This would mean that there are no more wars, hatred and similar, but also no more individuality.
If you were able to choose the maximum age at which you would die, what would you pick?
What would you change about your country if you were able to?
Do you believe that blood relations are stronger than the bonds you make?
What do you believe should become common knowledge?
What is the closest you've ever gotten to dying?
What is your biggest fear?
Do you believe in unconditonal love?
What is something you find oddly beautiful?
What was your weirdest or most interesting dream?
Do you have any nicknames? If so, what are they and what are their origins?
What is a fictional universe you would actually want to be real?
What is a small thing you wish were different about the world?
Do you think that you're a good person?
Have you ever experienced sleep paralysis before? If so, what happened?
What is the funniest nickname you saw on the internet?
What is your favorite app or website?
What is your favorite form of transport?
What is something you're currently excited for?
What are some things you like to think about when bored?
What is your favorite internet meme?
Have you ever written a piece of fiction? If yes, what was it about?
Do you read books? If so, what is your favorite?
Who are the most annoying types of people in your opinion?
Try it right now. How long can you hold your breath?
How quickly can you write with a pen and paper and how quickly can you type on a keyboard?
Do you wear a watch? If yes, what type of watch? And if not, would you ever get one?
What do you think is the most important thing to value in life?
Tell us what was on your mind before you saw this QOTD!
What is your favorite board/card game?
What is your opinion on math and science?
What's the dumbest "million dollar business idea" you've seen anyone propose?
Have you ever been scammed? If yes, tell us your story.
What is the most annoying sound to you?
What is an unpopular opinion you have?
How much would you rate each one of your qualities (looks, personality etc.) out of 10?
What's your ideal range of temperature?
How many hours of sleep do you usually get?
What are some stereotypes about your country, and are they true?
Do you listen to podcasts? If yes, which one's your favorite?
Are there any advertisements you think are well made or creative? If so, what are they?
What is your favorite snack?
What is the scariest horror movie/game?
What is your earliest memory?
What is the biggest shower thought you had?
Do you have any children? If not, would you like to have children in the future?
Do you like your name? Would you ever change it?
If you could do something dangerous just once without any risk, what would you do?
What is the most niche community you're a part of?
What are the things you would like to do at least once in your lifetime?
Do you like your school/job? 
There are two scenarios in the universe: Either we are all alone or we are not the only ones. What do you think is scarier?
What is something you would do if you had more time?
What is something that is generally universally agreed upon that you dislike?
Have you ever won a giveaway? If yes, what did you win?
Do you pay for any online subscriptions? If yes, which?
What was the best purchase you've ever made?
What operating system do you use on your phone and desktop computer/laptop?
How good are your imaginitive abilities?
What are the biggest problems you're facing in life right now?
What was the most ill you've ever been?
What is something you wish you had more time for?
If you walked into a room with everyone you've ever met, who would you look for first?
What thing did you waste the most time on?
What field do you work in, and what advice would you give to anyone looking to start working in your field?
Imagine you're hired to think of a new species to put on earth. What are you creating?	
How do you feel about AI?
